First!
I am not a vegan to be a vegan or part of the vegan community.
Within the first 5 seconds, Unnatural Vegan mentioned one of the topics for what
I'm notorious for discussing this in a straightforward and pragmatic way:
Community!
In the past I have filmed several videos on this subject and what the statement
that vegans are part of a community means discussed.
Have we ever been a community?
Will we ever manage to come up with a common denominator to form a community?
Unnatural Vegan makes the interesting statement here that she is not vegan because of the
Community is that this is not their objective or concern.
I have a different opinion than her, but this is not a criticism of her, it's a
personal difference between the two of us that - in my opinion - one ponders
should.
I am more ambitious when it comes to this topic.
I'm greedy when it comes to this topic.
Yes, I want a real community.
Let's take a look at the organization “Mothers Against Drunk Driving”.
Mothers against drunk driving have an office; at least one office in every US
Country.
This organization has more than 50 offices in the United States that are fully staffed
and are open around the clock.
This organization has all of these things.
We do not have it.
Tell me which message is more important in 2016: Mothers against drunk driving
or veganism?
It's clearly veganism.
Even if the subject of "drink driving" was important in the past, in the 80s
was - mothers against drunk driving were a pretty prominent lobby back then.
Veganism today is an issue that needs 50 offices in the US.
You know, I really lived in a period of gay activist groups
evolved from marginalized groups into one of the most influential groups.
While I lived in Toronto there were a number of LGBT branches that were fully occupied
Offices that campaign for LGBT rights.
I remember a branch that only looked after lesbians; several
different branches with different political perspectives & goals.
When there was any controversy, the newspapers would go to these organizations and
interviewed them.
These were non-profit, political organizations.
What do you want to say?
Okay, let's assume that the police chief inspector made a homophobic statement.
The newspapers then went to the LGBT groups, the LGBT equality advocates,
to interview them to get a comment from them.
Something like that.
This is a real community.
It's an aspect, a reflection of a real LGBT community - especially in Toronto,
at this particular time.
This community had a neighborhood, had buildings, had branches, had
Lawyers.
It had discos, it had festivals; the LGBT community in Toronto had it all
this.
Something like that doesn't exist in every city.
There were several vocal LGBT organizations that the newspapers could go to.
Our situation would be totally different if we [vegans] were on the same level as that
"Mothers Against Drunk Driving" or the Jews in British Columbia.
Jews are a very small minority in this area of ​​Canada.
Even so, they have real institutions and real organizations.
They have real memberships and grants, all kinds of benefits, from the cradle
to the grave.
Ultimately, you can go there, for example, for a picnic, and meet people there
entertaining face to face.
Things like fundraising and nonprofits can make a world of difference
do.
I want all of these things.
I want a real [vegan] community and I see no reason to pretend that
I don't want that or that I shouldn't tell you about it.
I see no reason to pretend that veganism would be satisfactory for me
if it's just a diet or something that I only do privately and not political
Has an impact.
I am a Jew by birth, but actually I am a nihilistic atheist.
Still - for myself and my own family - I would benefit more from
to pretend to be a religious Jew, to start attending synagogue services.
Because Judaism here in Canada can provide me with a real community
everything included; from picnics to retirement homes.
From the cradle to the grave.
Lifelong support comes from Judaism, the Mormons, all sorts of crazy ideologies
offered - those to a nonexistent God, to unanswered prayers [except
you post this on YouTube and your followers will see it] based.
When I look at the Mormons, I think to myself, I want all of these things too.
It is a minor matter for Mormons to organize a picnic for 200 people
take part.
For me this is not enough.
Mormons go out of their way to organize a fund raiser to help out a charitable organization
Setting up an organization or throwing a celebration.
That's exactly what I want.
I want the vegan to have all of that.
The whole life cycle - from the cradle to the grave - worries me.
I have a 3 year old daughter whom I rarely see.
She lives in Europe and I in China.
Still, I wonder where my daughter will go to school?
Where will she go to kindergarten?
Which retirement home will I or my grandparents go to?
From the cradle to the grave.
If we look at the problems in LGBT activism that activists are fighting, then
we notice that these are constantly changing.
I think the LGBT community has had fierce battles in the recent past
and that she can celebrate now that many of those fights have been won by her.
This is definitely the case in Canada.
In Saudi Arabia things are different.
Don't get me wrong, there are still a lot of countries where people go for basic
LGBT rights fight.
Here in Canada we were one of the first countries to have same-sex marriage
has legalized.
All of the legal battles surrounding LGBT equality have been here, basically all of them
won.
The battles over veganism have only just begun.
Where is our office?
Where is our neighborhood
Our disco?
Our retirement home or our kindergarten?
I want all of this for vegans.
I'm more ambitious than Unnatural Vegan.
I am dissatisfied with what you people call community.
I'm not satisfied with a bunch of middle aged people sitting around on Facebook and
give each other the thumbs up.
I'm also not satisfied with a bunch of teenagers on Instagram showing their butts
Take photos in bikini and then tell everyone that you have changed the world.
None of these things are effective in my view.
I want more.
Can i have it today
No!
Can i have it next year
Will I see it before I die?
Perhaps!
In just a few years, “Mothers Against Drunk Driving” simply took off.
What is the percentage of the people in America who care about the message of
“Mothers Against Drunk Driving” care?
It's a minority, it's really a very small minority of people who like that
support an organization.
Still incredibly successful.
How many people support or donate money to Jewish temples in Canada?
A small, small minority.
In the past we have talked about Sikhism within Canada.
All of these communities are very small religious communities.
And to come back to homosexuals: Homosexuality is not a diet and
they don't need separate restaurants.
And yet that's exactly what they have.
There's an entire district in Toronto that has something like an LGBT restaurant,
although there is no LGBT specific food.
Vegans already have a reason to set up real institutions, to have real vegan restaurants.
I want all of this.
From the cradle to the grave, from the real 'temple' to lawyers and political
Associations.
I want there to be a foundation that journalists can go to
can when there is controversy within the government.
Perhaps even several foundations that follow this calling that work for the vegan
Leverage lifestyle in government, in the newspapers, and in the streets.
Yes i want that
And I can admit that all of this is not available to me.
All of this makes for a real community and we will have to work very hard to
to achieve all of these things.